nothing to separate the two teams it
stands at one apiece
Barcelona against Bayern Munich
and la Luis Gustavo
no it was cut out
Daniel ow this the balls with Chevy got
it messy on the wall Luis Gustavo makes
the interception
rivetti over-the-top
the politics
oh good effort of ivali as technique and
execution go it was absolutely spot-on
the accuracy was what led him down PK
and you know this
here's Chevy here is yoga skates
now this Metro PD Esther
it's opened up nicely for him maybe now
that was a good dribble and a good
chance well he showed good feet an even
better awareness in creating the
opportunity to shoot there not a bad
effort either
Tony Cruz loses out in a position of
some promise plays this forward would
put work creating the counter-attack
60 minutes on the clock
Mariel Gomez Iniesta
Iniesta
they say they did it and with that the
comebacks complete
as sweet as you like
well I think you either have that
instinct or you do that was a superb
swiveling shot a real strike a strike
got a precious one goal lead this fellas
mr. reliable whenever you need to find
the door from somewhere he delivers what
a top man hears large Robin
and here's bourbon look at him go
the ballers cross the line and it's a
throat
knocks it mom chaddy petrol
find Steiger
now Tony Cruz
mix it over-the-top
and now the counter-attack
now missing chance final touch by the
keeper
oh he wasn't taking any chances there
the ball is with sergio busquets
Shafi
here's a cross he scuffed his clearance
there
a pool in
wonderful header and he couldn't put it
away
order huge let off that was conceding
them would really have left the momentum
decline final port of an hour the balls
with shabby Iniesta yes shabby Tedrow
Messi the balls with Iniesta via on the
ball
we're ready a goalscorer in this match
it's all about concentration that when
the body tires the brain tends to go
with it so they've really got to dig in
now to stay ahead
his aim towards the park post no danger
there from that cross
oh it's been picked off
great chunks for the counter
he makes his way to watch the penalty
area he can take the shot on here
they've scored and how significant could
that be if a brand-new listen here in
the commentary box a watch that this guy
is so good
phenomenal he just went all the way to
treat that one
so we resume with the scores back level
here's Chevy
oh it's been cut out
Gustavo what it Toni Kroos
on side glancing hitter still in play
it's a really well taken goal they
really are turning the screw now the
keeper made a mess of it and he's been
punished there's some last line of
defense and you don't get it right and
you're paying a visit to you
meaning now up by a go or when you look
around the dressing room we think we can
I depend on this is the guy for me is
such a wonderful technician
the cross is cleared folks it
the chance goes begging again
well I suppose making the Okies is good
but you really have to convert and not
might be their downfall today turns
against them takes a shot
the shop was on but he's blocked his
lines
it's on for him
lays this forward
now he's ready for short but it could
bring a chance here here's a short and
the chance accept it with summer prom
with so little time remaining it all
square here
I wish I played with somebody like that
just give him the bottle and let him go
on a run
what quality absolutely wonderful and
memorable solo effort that he's got to
in this game he's on a hat-trick
we're in the closing minutes now and
it's left
and final whistle goes well that was a
great game thanks to two teams who
always promote attacking football
they've given us goals with attacks
coming from virtually everywhere on the
pitch